Tomorrow's the start of Golden Week.
Are you planning on going anywhere?
No, not really. Maybe just
the gym or a public bath.
Senpai, that's what you always do!
You shouldn't let Golden Week go to waste.
Yeah, you're right.
It always seems like even the long
holidays are over before you know it.
So, what are your plans, Igarashi?
My Golden Week schedule's totally packed!
I'm going to clean house, brush up
on my skills, and enjoy my hobbies.
I'm planning on making
good use of the time off!
Oh, that's great.
What a great gal you are!
Hey! Don't tousle my hair!
On the first day of Golden Week, I'll
meet my dream girl. We'll start dating,
and get hitched by
the end of the holidays.
That's my plan for Golden Week.
Picking up girls, huh?
The girl's going to make
or break that plan.
So, what are you doing for Golden Week?
Gaming. I'm going to beat this
new game that just came out.
I'm going to a river
to collect some rocks.
I guess it's tough for a gamer and a rock
nerd to spend their holidays like normies.
All right!
Once my dream girl and I
have tied the knot,
I'll set up a mixer for you
and invite some of her friends--
Training.
Oh, you startled me...
I'm going to devote myself to my training.
What? Really?
What kind of training?
Well, I'm glad you asked.
A hundred ri to the west...
Sakurai-san, thanks for your help.
Not at all.
The documents you make are amazing.
They're so easy to understand.
Well, that's what I do.
Could I thank you by
taking you out to dinner?
I'm friends with the owner of this posh
restaurant that's hard to get into.
If you're with me,
we could get in right away.
Wow, that sounds great!
But I'm sorry. I already have
plans for this evening.
Oh, okay. Perhaps another time, then.
"S: Let's go out to eat tonight."
"S: Ramen!!"
He's always drinking
orange juice at meetings.
Oh, really?
I'm so pathetic...
"Episode 8:
Everyone's Holidays"
"How Capable Women Spend Their Holidays"
Next up...
"Sunday May 2: To-Do List"
...window washing!
I'm going to make the most of this holiday
and become a capable woman!
Hey!
Kazama-kun!
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Sh-She's so cu...
Were you waiting long?
No, I just got here.
Actually...
We've still got time before
we're supposed to meet...
Well...
Shall we go?
Sure.
I was so surprised.
You suddenly asking me out like that.
Okay, let's go to this ramen shop tonight.
Yeah, let's...
...go to the aquarium.
Huh?!
That came out of nowhere.
Sorry...
It's just that...
...I didn't want to lose you
to someone else...
Hey, that girl is seriously cute.
Whoa, she's major league.
But now that I've asked her out,
what am I supposed to do?
Thinking of it as a date makes me nervous.
So, let's think of it as a game.
"Kazama, protect Sakurai!"
"Kazama, entertain Sakurai!"
All right...
Game on.
♪ I forgot the words... ♪
Ah, that's much better!
I hope I'm a step closer now
to becoming a capable woman!
Next up, a TV yoga class!
"True Horror Stories"
"Reenactment TV:
What Single OLs Have Seen!!"
It was a gorgeous day
during Golden Week.
"Reenactment TV:
What Single OLs Have Seen!!"
She'd just finished
cleaning her room
"Reenactment TV:
What Single OLs Have Seen!!"
and was about to do
some yoga when...
Thinking a package had arrived,
she went to the door.
She started to open it...
...but feeling kind of uneasy, she chained
it and looked through the peephole.
It was so dark out that she couldn't
even see the door opposite hers.
All she could see were two red lights
like eyes floating in the darkness...
Lower your chest to the floor,
then push up with your arms!
It'll feel good once you're done!
It's hard work. That's what makes it fun!
Three, two, one... Done!
I've got nothing to do.
Hmm?
"Igarashi Futaba"
Hey, Igarashi, what's up?
Oh, Takeda-senpai.
Wait, are you crying?
No, I'm not.
Your voice is shaking.
I just... wanted to hear your voice.
It's not like you to say that.
You sure you're okay?
I-I'm fine!
I've calmed down a little, so goodbye!
I'll try to ride this out by watching
some cute animal DVDs...
What's wrong with Futa-kun?
He's worked up all of a sudden.
How did things turn out like this?
I'm scared. I'm scared.
I'm really, really scared...
Hey!
I knew you were crying.
Senpai...!
You seemed to be having trouble
talking on the phone, so...
...here I am.
You okay?
Uh, two adult tickets, please.
We have a couples ticket.
Couples can get in at a discount.
Well, um...
Yes, we're a couple!
We got the discount.
Yeah...
Did she say that so we could
get the discount? Or...
I haven't been to an aquarium in ages!
Come on, let's go!
I'm sorry to bother you
during the holidays...
I don't mind.
I had too much free time.
There was nothing to do but work out.
You work out when you've
got nothing to do?
You want to hang out this Golden Week?
Huh?
If you're scared to be alone,
I'll stay with you.
Oh, wait. You had plans, right?
Oh. No, not really...
Please stay.
Sure!
Wow, they're so adorable.
Yeah, but I hate the ones that sting.
There are lots of different animals here.
Yeah. Pretty amazing.
So, this is what you're into, huh.
Yes, I just love movies with cute animals.
Ouch, ouch.
The dolphin show is about to start.
Hey, there's a dolphin show!
I've never seen a live dolphin before.
Didn't you go see one on a field trip?
I caught a cold, so...
Oh, you poor thing...
Welcome to our dolphin show!
And now introducing... the dolphins!
Maki-chan the Pacific white-sided dolphin!
Haruto-kun!
And...
...Souta-kun!
We've got the same name...
And you look alike.
Close, but no cigar, Haruto-kun!
Souta-kun, nice save!
Souta-kun may have an unfriendly stare,
but he's actually very kind.
Souta-kun the dolphin's
a lot like you, Kazama-kun.
Oh, you mean the unfriendly stare?
You both have the same stare, but...
When I found myself in a jam, you were
behind the scenes to help me out.
Many... many times since
I started working there.
You're a kind person, Kazama-kun.
To Futaba-chan and everyone else, too.
Not everyone.
I'm not helping everyone out...
I...
And Souta-kun... jumps!
Great job!
I guess you can really get
soaked at a dolphin show.
Come to think of it,
they were renting rain ponchos.
I'll grab a towel later.
The only time you look happy
is when you're staring at my chest.
The sunny weather is perfect for outings,
and places all over Japan
are packed with visitors.
Now, let's look at conditions
across the country.
It doesn't feel like a holiday when
I'm eating lunch with you, Senpai.
You said it!
But places are packed during Golden Week.
Here it's nice and empty.
Hey, sorry my shop's empty!
It may be empty, but the ramen's good.
It's the perfect combination, right?
Ain't it though? You get it, don't you?
And this concludes our dolphin show.
Thank you for watching!
"Underwater Seating"
Souta-kun's jump was spectacular!
Yeah, it was...
It got me pretty soaked, though.
Sorry...
Sorry? For what?
Well, uh... for not shielding you.
Shielding me?
You mean like that?
Yeah, something like that.
She's laughing at me.
"Gift Shop"
What should I buy?
What would make a good aquarium souvenir?
A stuffed animal, maybe?
Hey, it looks like that dolphin's
got his own merchandise...
Kazama-kun, hold this.
You guys are so cute!
She's really laughing now.
My stomach hurts from all that laughing...
Well, it looks like she's having fun,
so who cares?
It's so cute...
Is that what you want?
Yeah, but I really stink at claw machines.
Well, all right then!
Let me handle this!
You were way off!
What? I was?
Senpai, have you ever played
a claw machine before?
Nope, never.
What? You can't be serious!
You won't get anywhere
if you give up without trying.
But still...
It's all right.
I'm doing this because I want to,
so just relax and watch me play.
Oh! I had it there for a sec!
"One Hour Later"
All right! Come on! Come on!
I got one!
Senpai, you're the greatest!
You can have it.
Thank you so much!
I'm sorry you spent so much money on this.
That's all right. I had a good time!
We hit the mother lode!
It was easy pickings here!
This is a pretty honest arcade.
The machines paid out so fast!
When we're walking down the street
like this, it feels like just another day.
You're right about that.
Well, it's not exactly
what I'd planned, but...
This is fine, too... I guess.
I had a great time!
I can't believe it's over already.
Sakurai.
Wait here for a sec.
I'll be right back.
Did he forget something?
The dolphins were so cute.
Really? Then, let's come back sometime.
Yeah!
Hey, Beautiful!
You wanna come have some maté tea with us?
Hey! You don't know her yet,
so don't speak so casually!
Oh, right...
I'm sorry...
Oh, brother...
Sorry, I'm with someone.
Oh, really...
Then, how about just one cup?
Maté tea's really good, you know!
Hey...
Hey, guys.
What do you think you're doing?
Who's asking?
I'm with her.
You can start by letting go of her hand.
She's mine, you know.
What's with him?
Maybe he got embarrassed by what he said.
Look, it's a UFO.
Huh?
Huh?!
Come on, let's go!
Hey, wait!
Hold up a sec!
But maté tea's really good, I tell you...
Um... uh... what was that you said?
What I said back there... was a line from
a shoujo manga I read a long time ago.
I see.
That's so like you, Kazama-kun.
Pretty lame, huh?
No, it wasn't.
It sounded cool, like it was supposed to.
Oh, that's right...
Um... here you go.
It's Souta-kun!
Well, I hope it doesn't bother you...
I'm so happy!
Well, I'm glad to hear that.
I'll carry it until it's time to go home.
Thanks.
Well, the train's on its way. Shall we go?
Okay.
Thanks for today, Souta.
What's the matter?
Let's get going, Kazama-kun.
You're one lucky dolphin...
"Here are some treats.
-Sakurai"
Hey, Takeda-senpai!
"Here are some treats.
-Sakurai"
Sakurai-san brought us some treats!
"Munch" "Munch"
Not bad, huh?
They're quite good.
Oh, yeah...
And here's a keychain Sakurai-san gave me.
What an unfriendly-looking dolphin.